docs(testing): add info about getJestProjects() (#16269)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/packages/jest/jest-plugin.md

Primary configurations for Jest will be via the `jest.config.ts` file that generated for your project. This file will extend the root `jest.preset.js` file. Learn more about [Jest configurations](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#options).

The root level `jest.config.ts` file configures [Jest multi project support](https://jestjs.io/docs/configuration#projects-arraystring--projectconfig).

> This file allows the Jest CLI and editor/IDE integrations to work without Nx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration allows editor/IDE integrations to pick up individual project's configurations rather than the one at the root.
```

Nx uses a utility function called `getJestProjects` which collects a list of Jest project configurations in the workspace instead of statically defining a list in the configuration file.

> You can manually provide your own project configurations by spreading the `getJestProjects()` result if need be.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add jest projects which are not included in `getJestProjects()`, because they do not use the Nx Jest executor, by doing something like the following:
```
